Diabetes is a very common disease which has been analyzed and closely studied by medical professionals for many years. In this day and age, there is definitely no shortage of medicine for diabetes found and easily accessible through pharmaceutical outlets. 
In spite of all the research, many people still continue to spread misinformation on all the factors that surround diabetes. 
Let’s take a look at 5 of the most common misconceptions people have regarding diabetes:

Sugar Directly Causes Diabetes
It is a well-known fact that sugar does not make a direct impact on causing diabetes. However, sugar does indeed play a significant role in indirectly inciting diabetes. Generally speaking, eating too much sugar definitely leads to obesity, which is a tremendous risk factor for type 2 diabetes. 
Living a sedentary lifestyle along with being overweight and having high blood pressure are the major risk factor that lead to diabetes. 

Carbohydrates Are Deadly
Similar to the previous point, carbs are definitely not the enemy. It is not so much the carbohydrate macronutrient itself, but rather, it is the type, chemical structure, and quantity of the carbs that trigger those with diabetes. Although the terms are arbitrary, there are ‘good carbs’ and ‘bad carbs’ Carbohydrates generally vary in terms of their glycemic index scale, which is essentially a measure of how a carb makes an impact on blood sugar levels. 

Artificial Sweeteners Are Fine
Many people make the assumption that the Food and Drug Administration is strict in their regulation of artificial sweetening additives. But the simple truth is that many food additives make their way in the market without the awareness of the Food and Drug Administration. For the most part, it is more ideal to determine a products nutritional value from the manufacturers themselves. 
Be aware of artificial sweeteners such as aspartame, sucralose, and saccharine because research shows that they pose many potential health risks.   

You Should Not Get Pregnant If You Have Diabetes
There are women who get diagnosed with diabetes who immediately get worried about the risk of being unable to get pregnant or impart damage to their unborn child. This myth can be traced to an era when diabetes was poorly handled and greatly misunderstood. 
Although there is still potential risk of complications like preterm birth, by simply being vigilant and constantly aware of tracking your blood sugar levels, you can learn and adapt to how the right diet and exercise can mediate your symptoms. 

Diabetics Have to Follow a Strict No-Sugar Diet Plan
Being diagnosed with either type 1 and type 2 diabetes does not mean that you have to completely cut-out dessert and sweets. The important thing to keep in mind here is that moderation is key. It simply takes a little bit of trial and error and advice from a professional nutritionist to figure out the most ideal types and level of sweets that you can eat. 

Key Takeaway
Although diabetes is something that has been thoroughly examined and there is an ubiquity of medicine for diabetes, there are still many stigmas that plague people’s notions of the disease. The false sentiments that are listed above should be overcome in order for people to move forward with understanding and fighting the disease.
http://tgp.com.ph/blog/medicine-diabetes-ph/
